Version 1.0: 
Basis for the auto configuration where every device IP and subnetted IP belong to a particualr vlan. 
An automated python Script was added to pull both device.conf and switch.conf in order to properly take in the /24 subnet in consideration in order to properly provide each gig interface its specified IP address, gateway and lease time for a DHCP network.

Version 1.1: 
Changed the interface to port interface so the user can choose what ports they can use for going with either Fastethernet or GigabitEthernet interfaces on switch.conf and updated the python script to take in the interface types for FastEthernet or GigabitEthernet for each port determined by the user in order to help the user give more modular options for making the configuration.

Version 1.2: 
Added DHCP snooping for enhanced security to clearly monitor traffic just in case a rouge DHCP server can intercept traffic and disrupt traffic. 
Added DHCP snooping boolean logic for both the switch.conf and the python script to detect which ports need DHCP snooping and which ports dont need creating a highest privilege choice for the user depending on the configured ports.

Version 2.0: 
Integrated backup functionality so the user can modify or retrieve a lost config back from the backup directory. 
Added port speed as another configuration for the switch so  specific datacenter can control speed for that particular vlan. 
Added useful data while compiling informing the user how many hosts can exist for that particular subnet and how many IP devices wil exist for the particular configuration listed from switch.conf

Verson 2.1: 
Program now takes in the full devices listed from devices.conf and what protocols they are allowed to be used for each database.

Version 3.0:
Integrated authorization and admin roles per datacenter for added security measures ensuring authorized users are allowed to access the specified database. Admin roles are implemented for what the user is only allowed to access per database. DHCP has been modified per database in switch.conf to include more devices per datacenter.

Version 3.1:
Removed authorization and admin roles as I am planning for better authorization and authentication for the active directory later on. Added DMZ configurations to introduce web servers per datacenter. reorganized every subnet per database to use the same subnet but split up per datacenter in a more effective /24 network.
